Part of Speech Predictions:

I think for UD tags, my corpus will be 25% nouns, 15% pronouns, 15% coordinating conjunctions, 10% verbs, 10% adjectives, and the rest will be from
less common categories.

For Penn Treebank tags, my corpus will be 25% coordinating conjunctions, 15% adjectives, 10% singular or mass nouns, 8% personal pronouns, 7% verbs past tense, 3% verbs base form, 2% interjections, 2% possessive pronouns,
and the rest will be from less common categories


Named Entity Recognition Predictions:

I honestly have no idea what my most common NER entires will be, since the topics in my corpus are all over the place. However, I can
make a couple guesses.

I think the most common location entity will be Toronto, since that is where Northernlion lives.
I think the most common person entity will be Kate, his wife, since, well, she is his wife.
I think the most common orginization entity will be Reddit, since that is what he is recording the video about.


Reflections:

I think I actually got a lot of my predictions right. Or, at least, more right than I expected to. I guess I watch too much Northernlion.

In both UD and Treebank predictions, I under appreciated the less common categories. Nothing got even close to 25% of all POS tags, with the
closest being pronouns in UD at ~19%. I did expect pronouns to be high, since the videos are reacting to things people he doesn't know have
done, but I had no idea they would be the most common. I also super over valued coordinating conjunctions, with them being ~3% in UD and
not even breaking the top 10 in Treebank. I guess I expected a lot of them to be used as filler words when Northernlion needs to fill dead
air, but that doesn't seem to be the case.

For NER, I was actually more wrong than I thought I'd be. I had what I thought were some pretty safe guesses, but apparently not.
Starting off strong, I did guess correctly that Kate would be the most common name, and significantly at that. However I was incredibly
surprised to see that neither Toronto nor Reddit were in their respective top 10s. I guess it makes sense in hindsight, since he isn't
talking about himself that often in this series, but it was still very surprising.

Overall the assignment was pretty interesting, and it was fun to think deeper about the content that I consume.

